Overall, I am going to re-use one of your own lines of text. "This hasn’t been - I’ll wager - an easy journey for you.But it will pay you back. I promise. Thank you for joining me!"
This whole experience has been a rocky one, that's for sure. Whether it's from my PC and anti-virus inhibiting me on certain issues, or simply not understanding the certain amount of code that I was able to use or comprehend. However, I will say is this course did indeed allow me to understand and comprehend things I was genuinely curious about and actually use some of this in the future. Thank my friends for helping me through the many troubles I had, both in the Discord and not. I did reach out to Alex within the Discord for help one time, but I had already solved the issue due to my IRL friend. My IT roomate was able to coach me a fair little bit through the many issues, but yes. It was definitely a tough time. I'm pretty sure, I ripped out more hair, and facepalmed more times than I ususally have. But I believe it was genuinely helpful in the end. 
Not only do I have an entirely different perspective upon history itself, I learned new tools that I am able to use in any day of life to truly understand a topic more. For that, I am grateful, and very excited to use in the future. My main fear coming into this course was the sheer intimidation factor of not knowing anything about modern history and modern uses of coding and such. But, I have an entirely different thinking process now than I did before. I am not afraid to make mistakes and re-try as I've done many, many times within this course. 
To continue my thoughts upon an entirely different perspective upon history itself, I would like to focus upon that even more so. As more of a 'classical' historian myself of using pen and paper to solve my problems, it quite a shock stepping into the footsteps of a digital historians. However, now it's a welcomed one. If I recall either in the first week or second week, there was an article that was very adamant on their arguements of digital history. And I still stand by my thoughts now as I did then. I believe that Digital Historians and 'classical' Historians should be able to freely work together as a means to truly explore and figure out the world as we know it. I believe there is a saying that 95% of the Internet is not explored, and I believe that also translates into history as we know it. I believe that a bridge can be put out for classical historians, or perhaps the two branches weaving back and forth to figure out the many un-answered questions of history. Overall, I learned quite a lot throughout this course despite my epic failures of coding. However, I do appreciate your work Dr. Graham. It was truly a pleasure. 

In relation to my mark, I dare not make any grand assumptions of what I did correctly or did incorrectly. But, I would be sufficed with a B range mark, as I truly did put in the work despite the failures along the way. But, as you have the ultimate say, the decision is truly up to you, good sir. Thank you again, from one Game of Thrones fan to another. 
